Sing a song in front of the group, using only made-up gibberish words.
Do your best impression of a famous celebrity, and everyone has to guess who you are imitating.
Put on a blindfold and attempt to identify three different objects just by touching them.
Go outside and do your best dance routine on the sidewalk or in the yard.
Call a random contact from your phone and sing "Happy Birthday" to them, regardless of whether it's their birthday or not.
Wear your clothes backward for the next three rounds of the game.
Take a spoonful of a mixed concoction of different food items (edible and safe), and let others create the blend for you.
Text your last crush or ex-crush with a random emoji and see how they respond.
Put on a funny costume or outfit and take a picture to post on social media with a wacky caption.
Attempt to breakdance or do the robot dance for at least one minute.
Do a handstand against a wall or have someone hold your legs for support.
Draw a funny caricature of yourself and share it with the group.
Call a pizza delivery place and order a pizza with unusual and random toppings.
Find a joke online and try to tell it in the most amusing way possible.
Put on a puppet show using items you find around the room as puppets.
Speak like a pirate for the next three rounds of the game.
Balance a spoon on your nose for as long as you can.
Create a silly and impromptu rap about the last person who dared you.
Go to the kitchen and make a sandwich using random ingredients chosen by the group.
Write a short poem about something or someone in the room and read it aloud.
Do your best impression of a chicken for one minute, complete with clucking sounds.
Take a funny selfie and send it to a random contact with a silly caption.
Put on a blindfold and attempt to draw a picture of yourself without peeking.
Call a local store and ask if they sell unicorn food.
Speak in a British accent for the next three rounds of the game.
Go outside and shout "I love [name of someone in the group]" as loudly as you can.
Tie your shoelaces together and walk across the room without tripping.
Try to lick your elbow (Note: Most people can't do this, so it'll be amusing to watch!).
Use your elbows to send a text message to a friend or family member.
Create a short and funny commercial for a made-up product and perform it for the group.
Put on a blindfold and see if you can guess three different scents from items in the room.
Take a spoonful of a hot sauce or spicy condiment and try not to react for one minute.
Do your best impression of a popular cartoon character.
Wear oven mitts for the next three rounds of the game, even while using your phone.
Make up a short rap about one of the other players in the group and perform it for them.
Choose a random word from the dictionary and make up a funny dance to go with it.
Call a family member and tell them an outrageous lie, and see if they believe it.
Stand on one foot for as long as you can without losing balance.
Use your phone's predictive text to write a funny and random text message to a friend.
Go outside and do your best impression of your favorite animal.
Put on a funny hat or accessory and wear it for the rest of the game.
Do a cartwheel or attempt a somersault if you can.
Sing the alphabet backward as fast as you can.
Take a selfie with a funny facial expression and share it with the group.
Speak in slow motion for the next three rounds of the game.
Go outside and do your best impression of a famous movie character or superhero.
Wear socks on your hands for the next three rounds of the game.
Mimic the sound of your favorite animal and have others guess which animal it is.
Swap clothes with the person sitting next to you for one round.
Create a short stand-up comedy routine and perform it for the group.
Go to a nearby mirror and strike your best dramatic pose.
Attempt to lick your nose using your tongue (it's harder than it sounds!).
Call a random number and pretend to be a telemarketer selling something unusual.
Draw a picture blindfolded and have others guess what it is.
Send a text message to your crush (or a friend) using only emojis and see how they respond.
Balance a spoon on your nose and try to walk a short distance without dropping it.
Create a funny and made-up story about the last person who dared you.
Walk like a crab or penguin across the room and back.
Use a hairbrush as a microphone and sing a snippet of your favorite song.
Wear a paper bag over your head with eye holes cut out for one round.